pallet number 466 already exist - being_used
pallet number 486 already exist - being_used
pallet number 1772 already exist - being_used
pallet number 1759 already exist - being_used
pallet number 415 already exist - being_used
pallet number 160 already exist - being_used
pallet number 1572 already exist - being_used
pallet number 123 already exist - ready
pallet number 328 already exist - being_used
pallet number 1970 already exist - being_used
pallet number 68 already exist - being_used
pallet number 1670 already exist - being_used
pallet number 524 already exist - being_used
pallet number 1568 already exist - being_used
pallet number 203 already exist - being_used
pallet number 1056 already exist - being_used
pallet number 1114 already exist - being_used
pallet number 1591 already exist - being_used
pallet number 611 already exist - being_used
pallet number 15840 already exist - being_used
pallet number 382 already exist - being_used
pallet number 1661 already exist - being_used
pallet number 1429 already exist - being_used
pallet number 736 already exist - being_used
pallet number 260 already exist - being_used
pallet number 1520 already exist - being_used
pallet number 1684 already exist - being_used
pallet number 1613 already exist - being_used
pallet number 1154 already exist - being_used
pallet number 597 already exist - being_used
pallet number 226 already exist - being_used
pallet number 718 already exist - being_used
pallet number 250 already exist - being_used
pallet number 989 already exist - being_used
pallet number 1575 already exist - being_used
pallet number 1832 already exist - being_used
pallet number 582 already exist - being_used
pallet number 139 already exist - being_used
pallet number 364 already exist - being_used
pallet number 5 already exist - being_used
pallet number 1624 already exist - being_used
pallet number 1065 already exist - being_used
pallet number 354 already exist - being_used
pallet number A/8 already exist - being_used
pallet number 691 already exist - being_used
pallet number 483 already exist - being_used
pallet number 754 already exist - being_used
pallet number 15589 already exist - being_used
pallet number 25477 already exist - ready
pallet number 1708 already exist - being_used
pallet number 873 already exist - being_used
pallet number 947 already exist - being_used
pallet number 1693 already exist - being_used
pallet number 1157 already exist - being_used
pallet number 1663 already exist - being_used
pallet number 25019 already exist - being_used
pallet number 665 already exist - being_used
pallet number 402 already exist - being_used
pallet number 9372 already exist - being_used
pallet number 924 already exist - being_used
pallet number 15750 already exist - being_used
pallet number 1722 already exist - being_used
pallet number 2375 already exist - being_used
pallet number 1053 already exist - being_used
pallet number 985 already exist - being_used
pallet number 1739 already exist - being_used
pallet number 1340 already exist - being_used
pallet number 1390 already exist - being_used
pallet number B123 already exist - being_used
pallet number 1503 already exist - being_used
pallet number 8539 already exist - being_used
pallet number 889 already exist - being_used
pallet number 863 already exist - being_used
pallet number 1486 already exist - being_used
pallet number 19127 already exist - being_used
pallet number 16002 already exist - being_used
pallet number 11323 already exist - being_used
pallet number 867 already exist - being_used
pallet number 9487 already exist - being_used
pallet number 560 already exist - being_used
pallet number 333 already exist - being_used
pallet number 305 already exist - being_used
pallet number 15648 already exist - being_used
pallet number 15716 already exist - being_used
pallet number 1430 already exist - being_used
pallet number 909 already exist - being_used
pallet number 1096 already exist - being_used
pallet number 11474 already exist - being_used
pallet number 290 already exist - being_used
pallet number 1153 already exist - being_used
pallet number 7386 already exist - being_used
pallet number 1461 already exist - being_used
pallet number 1485 already exist - being_used
pallet number 15748 already exist - being_used
pallet number 921 already exist - being_used
pallet number 1848 already exist - being_used
pallet number 1179 already exist - being_used
pallet number 1094 already exist - being_used
pallet number 620 already exist - being_used
pallet number 866 already exist - being_used
pallet number 1025 already exist - being_used
pallet number 1156 already exist - being_used
pallet number 1470 already exist - being_used
pallet number 46 already exist - being_used
pallet number 956 already exist - being_used
pallet number 1567 already exist - being_used
pallet number 24519 already exist - being_used
pallet number 212 already exist - being_used
pallet number 586 already exist - being_used
pallet number 1821 already exist - being_used
pallet number 12466 already exist - being_used
pallet number 1444 already exist - being_used
pallet number 741 already exist - being_used
pallet number 1324 already exist - being_used
pallet number 64 already exist - being_used
pallet number 1801 already exist - being_used
pallet number 1621 already exist - being_used
pallet number 15391 already exist - being_used
pallet number 1719 already exist - being_used
pallet number 263 already exist - being_used
pallet number 481 already exist - being_used
pallet number 1388 already exist - being_used
pallet number 7691 already exist - being_used
pallet number 1806 already exist - being_used
pallet number 572 already exist - being_used
pallet number 32 already exist - being_used
pallet number 14590 already exist - being_used
pallet number 1076 already exist - being_used
pallet number 1313 already exist - being_used
pallet number 21892 already exist - being_used
pallet number 98 already exist - being_used
pallet number 1773 already exist - being_used
pallet number A12 already exist - being_used
pallet number 424 already exist - being_used
pallet number 1040 already exist - being_used
pallet number 852 already exist - being_used
pallet number 642 already exist - being_used
pallet number 984 already exist - being_used
pallet number 1090 already exist - being_used
pallet number 881 already exist - being_used
pallet number 1519 already exist - being_used
pallet number 25684 already exist - being_used
pallet number 433 already exist - being_used
pallet number 193 already exist - being_used
pallet number 838 already exist - being_used
pallet number 8257 already exist - being_used
pallet number 548 already exist - being_used
pallet number 1813 already exist - being_used
pallet number 1247 already exist - being_used
pallet number 99 already exist - being_used
pallet number 1826 already exist - being_used
pallet number 12616 already exist - being_used
pallet number 5266 already exist - being_used
pallet number 410 already exist - being_used
pallet number 432 already exist - being_used
pallet number 701 already exist - being_used
pallet number 1067 already exist - being_used
pallet number 179 already exist - being_used
pallet number 810 already exist - being_used
pallet number 1559 already exist - being_used
pallet number 647 already exist - being_used
pallet number 1133 already exist - being_used
pallet number 420 already exist - being_used
pallet number 929 already exist - being_used
pallet number 1751 already exist - being_used
pallet number 711 already exist - being_used
pallet number 874 already exist - being_used
pallet number 1489 already exist - being_used
pallet number 1223 already exist - being_used
pallet number 1792 already exist - being_used
pallet number 1196 already exist - being_used
pallet number 25617 already exist - being_used
pallet number 13529 already exist - being_used
pallet number 19199 already exist - being_used
pallet number 1063 already exist - being_used
pallet number 512 already exist - being_used
pallet number 22415 already exist - being_used
pallet number 1267 already exist - being_used
pallet number 1447 already exist - being_used
pallet number 1725 already exist - being_used
pallet number 1770A already exist - being_used
pallet number 1764 already exist - being_used
pallet number 1134 already exist - being_used
pallet number 1754 already exist - being_used
pallet number 14 already exist - being_used
pallet number 1627 already exist - being_used
pallet number 1092 already exist - being_used
pallet number 1014 already exist - being_used
pallet number 26842 already exist - being_used
pallet number 974 already exist - being_used
pallet number 1651 already exist - being_used
pallet number 03/AC already exist - being_used
pallet number 1231 already exist - being_used
pallet number 748 already exist - being_used
pallet number 253 already exist - being_used
pallet number 192 already exist - being_used
pallet number 201 already exist - being_used
pallet number 25375 already exist - being_used
pallet number 196 already exist - being_used
pallet number 13203 already exist - being_used
pallet number 1084 already exist - being_used
pallet number 25793 already exist - being_used
pallet number 492 already exist - being_used
jumlah redundan =  203 / 1277


pallet 1809
pallet 1760A